# 3DScene
CS-330 Final Project

For this assignment I will reflect on my progress as a software engineer.  This class taught how to create computer generated graphics in a very modular fashion.  It helped me break up components into classes and functions.  Modularity helps increase the portability of projects so that they can be used elsewhere with minimal alterations.  Using these skills, I plan on continuing to get better at using classes and functions appropriately so that I can save them for future use.  Strategies I used in this class that I will take forward is research and planning.  Previously I would start programming a project and research as I went.  I think that this is a good approach for projects I am familiar with but for brand new frameworks or libraries I’ve learned that I should spend more time becoming familiar with the functionality before diving in.  It will cut down on iterations of the code base needed and poor design choices.  When I started applying this approach to the project the time needed to complete a module decreased substantially.  Lastly, I will reflect on how computational graphics fits into my goals within computer science.  This class was very math intensive and taught me a lot how computer science can be used in a large variety of ways.  I typically think of creating websites and backend logic when it comes to programming, but this class has showed me there is much more that can be done.  I plan on broadening my horizons by trying different things to find the field that interests me the most.
